5/12: Kory is an AMAZING TA. He communicated the subject matter incredibly well, obviously devoting considerable time and energy to his efforts to solidify our understanding of the course material. He further always made himself accessible for whatever advice his students might need - whether statistics-related or otherwise. He's is the standard to which TAs should be held!

5/12: BEST TA I'VE EVER HAD. Actually made me consider taking more statistics classes. Great job. We need more people like him. He actually went over stuff in recitation - that was helpful. one thing, I guess, is if you could make a small worksheet that would be great. I think it's always more helpful to have a hard copy, made by the TA, at hand than just notes. Just my opinion.


12/10/2014 17:04:53	I really liked how chill and approachable you were--overall, a great TA! Sometimes it felt like you weren't really familiar with what Professor Brown was teaching in lectures. You definitely knew all the material like the back of your hand, but sometimes you weren't sure whether he had covered something or not in class. Perhaps more communication with the professor would help. 

12/10/2014 21:51:10	Kory, you were a great TA! In addition to being an awesome guy who made everyone feel comfortable asking questions at office hours, you clearly knew what you were talking about. I know you like focusing on concepts over mechanics of a question, but both are important when we are completing graded HW. I recommended my friend taking 111 to take his recitation with you!

12/10/2014 22:16:17	Hi Kory! Just wanted to say that I really appreciate the Sunday office hours that you hold.  Going over the homework problems really helps me to understand the concepts that I'm confused about during class.  Thanks for all the knowledge you've imparted!

12/10/2014 22:45:57	You are extremely patient even when we ask many questions that may seem simple to you. Your explanations are clear, and I just wanted to say thanks for being such a great TA this semester!

12/10/2014 23:08:49	Kory has been an AMAZING TA! He definitely understands all of the course material enough to make difficult concepts seem simple to us. Attending Kory's office hours every Sunday has been crucial to my success in the course. Extremely devoted to his TA job, Kory always will find time to help his students.

12/11/2014 18:13:26	You have a great approach to helping us learn statistics and would make a great stat professor if you taught. During office hours, it is especially helpful how you point out key ideas from the problems in addition to helping solve them. Moving forward, the grading system for homeworks could be more uniform. 

12/15/2014 18:16:30	You were pretty on top of things and you did a good job making sure that students understood concepts and didn't just memorize formulas, so keep that up. 

12/16/2014 22:03:36	Kory, you are a great TA! You obviously care about the students and are more than happy to help answer dumb questions. You take the time to explain things. Your office hours every Sunday were so important for me this semester, as I struggled with the material. The one thing that I think could help students even further is if you completed problems when you explained them. I know that sometimes this was not possible because you did not want to give the answer to the homework, but for other questions that were just examples, you did not always complete all the steps. Since the intuition is not clear to the student asking the question, I would have really appreciated that extra help of actually finishing working through the problem together rather than ending on a, "You can do it from here," sort of thing. Overall I am so glad you were a TA this semester. Thanks so much!

12/28/2014 9:42:08	"Dear Kory,

First and foremost, I would like to thank you for your help throughout the semester: you were an invaluable resource!

I particularly appreciated your emphasis on abstracting from the "mechanics" of questions and understanding the problem conceptually.

Furthermore, I believe the lighthearted, informal character of your Office Hours were a neat contrast to the Lectures. The ocassional swearing, for example, always brought a smile to my face and eased thr tension.

Thank you once again,

I hope this helps!"

12/28/2014 16:56:44	"You were very helpful this semester. Before taking the midterm, I almost never went to office hours. However, after receiving my grade on the midterm, I started frequenting OH whenever I could, and saw my understanding of the material rise dramatically. Sunday office hours were especially helpful for homework, and I commend you for having the dedication to hold office hours on a weekend. One could really tell that you cared about helping the students understand the material and that you weren't just there because you had to be.
Your help was instrumental to my success this fall. All those extra office hours helped me do well enough on the final exam to pull my grade, which was weighed down by average homework grades and a below-average midterm grade, to an A for the semester. More important than that, though, is that you helped me understand the material more and actually got me pretty interested in it. Thanks Kory!"

1/9/2015 15:46:59	"i think you were great.
homeworks were a real disaster in my opinion but in terms of you specifically I think you were approachable, helpful, and an efficient conveyer of information. Best of luck!"

3/1/2015 12:10:54	Your relaxed nature, easy going personality and accessibility, in conjunction with your clear knowledge of the class makes you an excellent TA

3/1/2015 14:05:37	I honestly find it hard to follow your train of thought and the notation you use can be very confusing because it is not the same notation used in class. Overall, I really like the environment of the recitation and I appreciate how open and informal it is. Keep up the great work!

3/4/2015 8:47:20	You always say we are going to get out early, but then spend the time we would have extra either explaining stuff we don't need to know (like quantifiers and logic) or going over easy questions that most people understand. Perhaps we could start handing back hw and sign in a little earlier because it always ends up taking forever and I have to rush to my next class or not get my hw.

3/4/2015 8:47:28	I think you are a really good TA and I like your style of teaching! :) I like that  you allow us to ask questions and review the lecture material. I also really like your tattoo. I guess a suggestion would be to maybe just put all the homework on a desk? So people can just go and find theirs at the beginning of class. I think that would be better than calling people's names and handing it out one by one at the end of class. 

3/4/2015 8:49:23	Sometimes the way you approach solving problems is very confusing. For example, I am not used to the notation you use and while you try to explain it every time I think it would just be easier if you wrote it the way we are familiar, because understanding the material is enough without trying to learn your notation too. Furthermore, sometimes you solve things differently than he does in examples/class, and while it makes sense when you explain it often that confuses the way we approach problems and ends up being anything but helpful. Furthermore, it would be great if we did more practice problems in class, especially like ones that could be on the test because they didn't resemble the book problems at all. 

3/4/2015 10:45:29	I think you go through unnecessary derivations and concepts way too fast while expecting us to know exactly what your talking about. It would be nice to take statistics to its most basic form and then work from there. Also, I don't like how the most organized you are is the couple of sentences that you put up at the beginning of class. I would appreciate some form of class lecture format with slides.

3/4/2015 11:42:53	I think it would be helpful if you used the same notation that we do in lecture because it can get confusing! 

3/4/2015 13:21:48	I think you explain really well and make the material interesting. However, you're sometimes too fast, which sometimes makes it hard to follow your explanations. I try to "slow you down" with questions but I can't do that all the time so if you could slow down sometimes, it would help. Also, I have a suggestion about review at the beginning of each lecture. I know that ideally, we're all supposed to come to recitation prepared (went over the slides and prepared questions) but it's often not the case for many people so if the review could take a little longer at the beginning of class, that would be very appreciated. The material not covered yet or your explanations in general would be a lot easier to keep up with if we have a good review at the beginning of each recitation. Otherwise, I think you're a great TA!

3/4/2015 13:36:18	Could go a little slower with explanations in recitation, sometimes it is hard to follow the explanation and write at the same time. Also you tend to write with a lot of notation that is new to us, so if you could explain what it means aloud while you write that would help a lot. One of the other TAs gave her students practice probability problems before the midterm which seemed really helpful for them so that might be a nice addition. That is pretty much it, your chill and laid back attitude and aesthetic is appreciated. 

3/4/2015 14:18:38	Your voice is so soothing that I always fall asleep. Not that you can do anything about it. But yeah, keep up the good work! I also really appreciated your recommendation to take PHIL005 Logic. 

7/1/2015 Most importantly though, I’m not sure if we’ll ever be able to be so candid with a professor anytime over the next few years, and at least for me and everyone else I’ve talked to over the last few weeks, the fact that you really talk to us like we would when trying to ask a friend or mentor how to approach a problem means a lot, and it’s some of the most seamless and effective learning I’ve ever experienced.


